Bump am2r_yams to 1.1.0 (#5784)
randovania/randovania: CHANGELOG.md

- Added: Research Site Open Hatches as available doors for Door Lock Rando.
- Added: New option to place DNA anywhere.
- Added: New option to force Save Station doors to be normal doors.
- Added: If the user starts with random items, then an item collection screen will now be shown, telling the player which items they start with.
- Added: Clearer GUI symbols, when expansions have been collected, but not their corresponding launcher.
- Added: When softlock prevention is active, then the first two crumble blocks in Super Missile Chamber will be shoot blocks instead.

> - Changed: When softlock prevention is active, then in the EMP Escape route room, instead of the bottom row of speedbooster blocks being gone, now every pillar but the leftmost one is gone.

Reviewer: Oh boy, don't make me correct the english grammar😥
`if` instead of `when` because in both cases it is really conditional?

The last one is very spaghetti IMHO.
`If softlock prevention is active, in the EMP Escape route room the bottom row of speedbooster blocks is no longer removed, but every pillar except the leftmost one` ???

Author: tried to rephrase it a little

Reviewer: I still think it needs to be `If softlock prevention [...]` in 51.
In the rephrased one, the `is` at the end sounds off to me.
But I don't want to correct grammar because I'm just bad at my non native language. So, I take the wild card: @dyceron please 🙂

> - Changed: Softlock prevention works differently now for "Energy Distribution Emergency Exit". The bottom row of speedbooster blocks is no longer removed, instead every pillar except the leftmost one is.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changed: "Distribution Center - Energy Distribution Emergency Exit" has updated behavior when 'Softlock Prevention` is enabled. Before, only the bottom row of Speed Booster blocks were removed. Now, all of them have been removed, except for the leftmost one. 
```
 Optional: Add on the reason for the change to the end

Author: ty
